(switch) Player
It's been almost a month since I've joined the band, and it seems like I'm really starting to find my groove again. 
I still have a little bit to go until I secure the first chair, but I'm confident given some more time that it'll be mine. 
(switch) Null
Your phone vibrates in your pocket, a small light flashes indicating you've missed a call. 
(switch) Player
Oh? I must've missed someones call. Oh, two. One from Douglas, and another from Ernie. 
Haven't heard from Ernie in a while. 
(switch) Ernie
Hey FredI know you're super busy with preparing for your show, though I was curious if it'd be possible if you could still lend us a hand if you have the spare time? 
I know you're good at organizing these types of events and frankly, there have been a few kinks that we've been struggling to iron out. 
We could really use your expertise if you could lend it. If you can help, just give me a call or stop on over, thanks.
(switch) Player
Sounds serious. I wonder what kind of issues he's having? Next message. 
(switch) Douglas
Fred, we realize that you've part your ways, though with the circumstances regarding your departure...
Has left us in a bit of a bind as we don't have someone else with your skill set within the company to organize this festival with your specialty. 
There have been a few hiccups that we could really use your help resolving, and we'd offer you a special contract to help us deal with this.
Which includes a sizable pay increase as an apology for this whole situation you've been placed in. 
We hope to hear back from you, thanks.
(switch) Player
I'm not sure what to do about this... 
Both Ernie and Douglas need my help, but I just know that helping either of them will take a considerable amount of time. 
Any 'kink' in the organizing at this point is more than a small problem. 
But if I were to help either of them, I don't think I'll be in a position to get the first chair. 
What should I do?
(switch) Null
Should you wish to continue with your music, you should probably return to practice. 
Or, should you wish to help either Douglas or Ernie, you should probably go talk to them. 

